0 Intro/Libraries and Frameworks.md, before:




# Libraries and Frameworks


## Python


### Common Built-in Modules

- math: additional math functions like cos, sin, 
- decimal: more advanced floating point arithmetic
- random: generate random numbers
- datetime, time, calendar: working with dates and times
- re: regular expressions
- os, os.path: file operations
- itertools, functools: advanced operations on iterables and functions
- collections: data structures
- csv: csv file parsing


### Common Non-Built-in Modules

These can be installed using `pip install <module>`.

- [Pillow](https://python-pillow.org/): image manipulation
- [Requests](http://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/): http requests
- [Twisted](http://twistedmatrix.com/trac/): networking engine
- [Scrapy](https://scrapy.org/), [BeautifulSoup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/): web scraping
- [nltk](http://www.nltk.org/): natural language processing
- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/): advanced mathematics
- [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/): scientific computing
- [PyGame](http://www.pygame.org/news.html): game framework
- [matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/): 2D/3D plotting
- [TkInter](https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter), [wxPython](https://www.wxpython.org/), [PyQT](https://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/), [PyGTK](https://wiki.python.org/moin/PyGtk): GUI


## Django

[django packages](https://djangopackages.org/)


## Front-End

You can view a list [here](https://www.keycdn.com/blog/front-end-frameworks/).

### CSS

CSS frameworks can be used to make your site look pretty quickly and easily. Each framework has its own style and number of features. You can view a long list [here](https://github.com/troxler/awesome-css-frameworks).

- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [w3schools tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap4/default.asp)
- [Materialize](http://materializecss.com/)
- [Pure.css](https://purecss.io/)
- [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/)
- [Skeleton](http://getskeleton.com/)
- [Material Design](https://material.io/guidelines/#)
- [Kube](https://imperavi.com/kube/)
- [Milligram](http://milligram.io/)
- [Bulma](http://bulma.io/)
- [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/) (for use with Vue.js)
- [Material UI](http://www.material-ui.com/#/) (for use with React)
- [fontawesome.com](https://fontawesome.com/) (icons)

### JavaScript Frameworks

You can view a long list on [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_JavaScript_libraries), [javascripting.com](https://www.javascripting.com/), and [here](https://github.com/collections/front-end-javascript-frameworks).

#### General UI

- [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)
- [Angular](https://angular.io/)
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Ember.js](https://www.emberjs.com/)
- [Riot.js](http://riotjs.com/)

#### Data Visualization

- [D3](https://d3js.org/)
- [Chart.js](http://www.chartjs.org/)
- [Dygraph](http://dygraphs.com/)
- [Vega](https://vega.github.io/vega/)


#### Music / Sound

- [Tone.js](https://tonejs.github.io/)
- [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)
- [Sound.js](https://createjs.com/soundjs)


#### 3D Graphics

- [three.js](https://threejs.org/)
- [A-Frame](https://aframe.io/)
- [wrld](https://www.wrld3d.com/)

#### Games

- [Phaser](https://phaser.io/)
- [Babylon.js](http://www.babylonjs.com/)


## Public APIs

You can view long lists of public APIs [here](https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis), [here](https://github.com/abhishekbanthia/Public-APIs), and [here](https://apilist.fun/).

- Users
    - [randomuser.me](https://randomuser.me/documentation)
    - [reques.in](https://reqres.in/)
    - [jsonplaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/)
- Weather: [openweathermap.org](http://openweathermap.org/api)
- Number Facts: [numbersapi.com](http://numbersapi.com/#42)
- Photos: [flickr.com](https://www.flickr.com/services/api/) (requires key)
- Astronomical Data: [api.nasa.gov](https://api.nasa.gov/#live_example)
- USA Population Data: [datausa.io](https://datausa.io/about/api/)

Commit message:

Update Libraries and Frameworks.md

0 Intro/Libraries and Frameworks.md, after:




# Libraries and Frameworks


## Python


### Common Built-in Modules

- math: additional math functions like cos, sin, 
- decimal: more advanced floating point arithmetic
- random: generate random numbers
- datetime, time, calendar: working with dates and times
- re: regular expressions
- os, os.path: file operations
- itertools, functools: advanced operations on iterables and functions
- collections: data structures
- csv: csv file parsing


### Common Non-Built-in Modules

These can be installed using `pip install <module>`.

- [Pillow](https://python-pillow.org/): image manipulation
- [Requests](http://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/): http requests
- [Twisted](http://twistedmatrix.com/trac/): networking engine
- [Scrapy](https://scrapy.org/), [BeautifulSoup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/): web scraping
- [nltk](http://www.nltk.org/): natural language processing
- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/): advanced mathematics
- [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/): scientific computing
- [PyGame](http://www.pygame.org/news.html): game framework
- [matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/): 2D/3D plotting
- [TkInter](https://wiki.python.org/moin/TkInter), [wxPython](https://www.wxpython.org/), [PyQT](https://sourceforge.net/projects/pyqt/), [PyGTK](https://wiki.python.org/moin/PyGtk): GUI

### Links to sites with lists of fun python libraries

Wow there are so many awesome libraries for python you can integrate into your projects!
- [Here's](https://pythontips.com/2013/07/30/20-python-libraries-you-cant-live-without/) some.
- [Here's](https://tryolabs.com/blog/2017/12/19/top-10-python-libraries-of-2017/) some more.
- Oh dang! [Here's](http://www.pythonforbeginners.com/api/list-of-python-apis) even more!

## Django

[django packages](https://djangopackages.org/)


## Front-End

You can view a list [here](https://www.keycdn.com/blog/front-end-frameworks/).

### CSS

CSS frameworks can be used to make your site look pretty quickly and easily. Each framework has its own style and number of features. You can view a long list [here](https://github.com/troxler/awesome-css-frameworks).

- [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [w3schools tutorial](https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap4/default.asp)
- [Materialize](http://materializecss.com/)
- [Pure.css](https://purecss.io/)
- [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/)
- [Skeleton](http://getskeleton.com/)
- [Material Design](https://material.io/guidelines/#)
- [Kube](https://imperavi.com/kube/)
- [Milligram](http://milligram.io/)
- [Bulma](http://bulma.io/)
- [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/) (for use with Vue.js)
- [Material UI](http://www.material-ui.com/#/) (for use with React)
- [fontawesome.com](https://fontawesome.com/) (icons)

### JavaScript Frameworks

You can view a long list on [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_JavaScript_libraries), [javascripting.com](https://www.javascripting.com/), and [here](https://github.com/collections/front-end-javascript-frameworks).

#### General UI

- [AngularJS](https://angularjs.org/)
- [Angular](https://angular.io/)
- [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/)
- [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org/)
- [Ember.js](https://www.emberjs.com/)
- [Riot.js](http://riotjs.com/)

#### Data Visualization

- [D3](https://d3js.org/)
- [Chart.js](http://www.chartjs.org/)
- [Dygraph](http://dygraphs.com/)
- [Vega](https://vega.github.io/vega/)


#### Music / Sound

- [Tone.js](https://tonejs.github.io/)
- [Howler.js](https://howlerjs.com/)
- [Sound.js](https://createjs.com/soundjs)


#### 3D Graphics

- [three.js](https://threejs.org/)
- [A-Frame](https://aframe.io/)
- [wrld](https://www.wrld3d.com/)

#### Games

- [Phaser](https://phaser.io/)
- [Babylon.js](http://www.babylonjs.com/)


## Public APIs

You can view long lists of public APIs [here](https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis), [here](https://github.com/abhishekbanthia/Public-APIs), and [here](https://apilist.fun/). [Here's](http://www.pythonforbeginners.com/api/list-of-python-apis) a few more!

- Users
    - [randomuser.me](https://randomuser.me/documentation)
    - [reques.in](https://reqres.in/)
    - [jsonplaceholder](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/)
- Weather: [openweathermap.org](http://openweathermap.org/api)
- Number Facts: [numbersapi.com](http://numbersapi.com/#42)
- Photos: [flickr.com](https://www.flickr.com/services/api/) (requires key)
- Astronomical Data: [api.nasa.gov](https://api.nasa.gov/#live_example)
- USA Population Data: [datausa.io](https://datausa.io/about/api/)
